all right welcome everybody to the May
I pick last All Hands call my name Sedin
if you have not added your name to the
attendees list please do so I'll post
the link again in slack in the zoom chat
for those of you who need it if there
are any announcements if you could put
them on the announcements part of the
agenda and we can that we can get to
them also
anyone willing to volunteer as a
note-taker for the meeting any
volunteers
you
no no such luck all right I guess it's
me that Oh
Thank You Jessica much appreciated
all right well yes if there's nothing
else to add to the agenda then Simon you
wanna take it away with hesitation
yes sure
so last time you had presented a first
prototype and their work hasn't giveyou
since then because we were working on
the actually completely new version that
we have created from scratch and this
one is like is built a new architecture
and I think Roman can bridge it first
you tell what's new in new architecture
and then I was going the first wish
version we were just we have just like
we planned to release to external users
in the next week's yep so we have made a
lot of technical progress in last month
finally switched to the extension at 0
very usual beta stabilized
cross-platform API and I believe and all
these changes especially switching from
the file store the Badger store by
default resulted in significant
performance increase for our typical use
cases like creating a new version of
document in any type in low end laptop
now it was like sometimes visibly creep
Pacific repository hopefully it was
around 1 from 1 to 2 seconds and now
about 10 milliseconds with a very huge
progress and it's all these changes
improved user experience a lot and yep
so now we have a two foxes I will first
buy one second
so I will go by text because I'm sorry
two foxes right now first one is
switching from the state based Shelby T
to the even based solidity
this will allow us to do more neatly
complete resolution for the pages and
the second big focuses data structures
we're working on extendable schemas for
data so you can work with them and then
we go to do also see opt for the data
Jana maybe you have a slide I send you
today because I think a moment I can
send it to the chat I think because I'm
from them about anyway plan to share my
screen so I can start sharing the screen
now so yeah yes it's one but I will send
you good quality right now so yeah this
is a just a quick preview of how data
flow works in the in the any type like
here we has and IP first stack and takes
our threats our cross platform library
that working like a proxy for the data
structures combining the changes
applying them to the snapshots so they
come to the final page state and the
middleware that are going to solve
client problem problems subscribing for
the pages changes and
implementing different client specific
cases like link reviews and all the
stuff because we have a course on
library it saves a lot of time it's only
once in one place instead of because we
have native clients in the Mobile's it
saves a lot of time for us and this game
is a quick preview of how data flows
[Music]
from the client to the ipfs dark and
from the pops up and textile cafe to the
client so I think now we can go to the
demo itself so this is the main screen
of any type everything here is encrypted
[Music]
only the screenshot of my schema I think
maybe you sure another screen another
window very strange I'm sharing the
desktop do you see it now no it's still
grey screen I think it will load and try
and just try again okay let me choose
any type not like desktop but any type
and now oh yeah yeah it's so they're
loading maybe just wait a few second yes
what do you see
because I see my eye seeing it back on
my screen it says that you've started
screen sharing and it has a black screen
which could mean that zoom is
considering its life or maybe that your
bandwidth isn't great I'm not sure the
first time it happens to me maybe I
should recollect assume I don't know if
you have the link you can post it in the
chat and maybe I'll be able to share on
my screen and I'll just hit the button
the next buttons for you Oryx no no it's
maybe so this is the main screen of any
type and everything here is encrypted
and it's like currently my personal
knowledge base and in the way but up is
a knowledge base for the humanities
information and we start from personal
and team knowledge basis so everything
in any type consists of objects and
relations between them we start from one
type of objects its pages and those
familiar with notion will definitely
identify how like how this is like web
pages with an editor that's very easy to
use so that with just last button you
can add different types of blocks and
and there you can move things around
with with with drag-and-drop and so this
is how you can create like web 3
distributed pages this I have been
showing I think the last time so it's
just it's this the same that you you can
easily build from simple box you can
create objects and and this way you can
structure a lot of information the way
the way you want to and so of course
having some little features here like
changing you don't see my screen you can
change the background things like that
so currently we have only one type of
objects it's page but we plan to add the
additional type of objects like people
and tasks and other types of objects in
the near future on top of having
pictures we have relations so you can
you can add any page to an existing page
for example here we're just seeing them
in any type page know if there's another
page on top of it the year trying to
show i'veseen yes I have been showing a
lot of pages it seems so the connection
is so bad maybe no sorry I should have
flagged you Center do you see anything
else except the more than my domain
screen yeah well sometimes we see your
mouse around the screen but just the
main any type screen
I can just try to reconnect your voice
is clear and they be doing just deal
well the all reconnecting I'll take a
brief moment to advertise that since our
last meeting we go FS zero five one has
been released with a couple of updates
so if you're running guy give us I would
recommend updating
the changelog is in the nuts are linked
from the nuts
I'm work so let me try now to share any
type does it work or stone the gray
screen now
yeah alright now I look like we're in
business okay so I was showing the new
web three pages so this one you know
this one is one of them for example and
as you can see there are like different
types of blocks here and there I can
link to other pages inside I here and
what's cool that when I add a page a new
relation is created currently you have
only decide information relations but in
the future we will have different types
of relations show so you can you will be
able to connect different types of
objects with we have different types of
relations what's cool here is that you
have in that hour here an application
that you can see so it's like in current
web P
we're into here but in any type you can
also see the audio cut out a little bit
ago sorry you missed a little bit there
okay
sorry about that not a very good demo
then now we see your so yes this is the
new navigation and on the one side you
can see all the pages that this object
like all the objects that this one
refers to and on the
and come to be have only pages but in
the future there will be people so use
pages now for people but there will be a
native object for people and files and
things like that and so you will be able
to travel inside of this linked objects
and see all the connections that are
between them yes so I don't know what
you see on my screen now so and each
each so so this is what we try to create
we try to create this web of objects and
we think this cannot be a much better
foundation for the knowledge that we
have because on the ipfs level each
object has unique hash but at the same
time the object is meaningful on the for
the user and in the end we will be
eating more and more opportunities for a
user to manage these kinds of objects so
they will be able to filter and sort
them and connect them in in different
ways because our goal is to give as much
power to the non developers as it's
possible so that they can really create
their own unique workflows and without
being able to code and we hope that this
is like this simple idea of objects and
relations or links between them will
allow to create any kind of structures
that the user wants to create and we
hope that when we will open-source other
open-source developers will be able to
add other types of objects to the system
so we will start from from the normal
ones like like people tasks files and
videos but we expect this to go to more
in
once like transactions invoices and we
think this system can intimately grow
and be a better foundation for the
collective knowledge that we currently
have because for the encrypted part it
really protects the privacy and data
ownership all the important features
that are crucial for the technologists
that we use but at the same time I don't
know if you see how I go through my like
if something changes on my screen but we
plan also to do the same for the open
pages from an unencrypted pages which
will be like we start we will start from
profile like personal websites like you
kidding I hope you can see currently on
the screen and I would be able to add
other pages like my book collections or
articles or receipts anything I want and
all of these objects so put it up or
they for the non-encrypted part it will
have teachers of not be censorship
resistant and and I think it's very
important that for the encrypted part we
have ensure food privacy on an encrypted
part we will the system is censorship
resistant and we just want to bring them
the easiest way to build this new web 3
objects and connect them so that people
can visit so that the barrier to create
something on web 3 is like minimal and
that's because we actually have think
that we don't need to really have to
recreate the web to put it on the right
foundation because this idea of objects
and links between them will allow Inc
like when it when we fill it with
content it will allow a lot of super
cool features like I think foundation to
the Semantic Web and better foundation
for AI algorithms but everything on the
right foundation respecting our civil
rights so I hope your case saw something
I don't know whether you have seen
but I find my best I'm sorry for the
quality of the connection oh I know what
everybody else but I thought was pretty
cool I was I was enjoying seeing seeing
the demo on how how this is improved in
how it's working now it's great thank
you
so yes well we'll open up to some
questions
um can I go first I have a question yeah
yeah go ahead
all right just if you're if you want
have a question just right right uh in
chat and we'll get to you in that order
yeah buddy rackley yeah take away yes I
was just typing it
my question was I seen Roman mentioned
moving from state basically choose to
obey sir duties or the data and I was
wondering if you end up using some of
the shells
CID keys library or did you end up
building your own yeah
oh just more I can know about it yeah so
yeah we are not using any detail library
because we have pretty specific cases
for the blocks in document and because
like if you try to imagine the document
of different blocks standing under each
other each other it's not the same like
I'm saying that one person put the block
here and then put here it's sometimes
you need more specific
even's like the person want to drop the
block after that this one this person
wanted to drop it in the different
column in these cases we can be sure
that in most cases conflicts will be
solved by automatically without any user
interaction so yeah we are using our own
library we are writing from this
question what kinds of events do you end
up hunting to the user and saying I
don't know how to solve this conflict
yeah it's possible
we are currently thinking about this but
the good thing that we are not trying to
solve conflicts at the moment when they
was appeared you can solve it later
like just changes appending after each
other and you can solve the conflict
when you it will be comfortable for you
for example if two people write it the
same at the same blog they can still
cooperate on other blocks and very
different stuff but they can see maybe
it will be some UI we currently think
you know when people can choose which
appearance of block they prefer
thanks Molly I get approached but we are
still in the early stages current even
more focused on their automatically
eligible thanks Molly had a question and
chat so is any type and any type is each
page a thread or dealer more complex
thread architecture yes
each page is a threat and we are not
going more complex away like we call
everything is a block but in fact we
have a structure which is really a
threat and which is a block like a good
roadblock because you need a threat when
you have a specific ICL a specific
encryption for this kind of entity and
the page itself the whole page it's
pretty enough for the one thread don't
need more if you want to link for other
simple because it's simple blocks in
other pages we can refer to each through
the different smart block we spread
Thanks erratically another question
about if there's a place to read more
about the constraints you mentioned and
about the customs their duties you guys
have if there is to be great to drop a
link in the nuts so people can go take a
look yeah as soon as we go like penalize
our guys on the data label we will art
part by part we will open these things
step back step but currently it's only
the code and a request from our amazing
note-taker for the day I Jessica for a
link for the data the data schema slide
from earlier oh yes I think we can sure
I will make a link ascended ah great
question from Molly what is what's your
plan going forward for any type and what
can we do to help you with the next
phase so we plan to so we currently are
inviting friends and family to remove
the most disturbing but from the system
and plan to start inviting external
users in like couple of weeks because
this is the finally we have arrived to a
version which is stable and which we are
not afraid to share anymore that we were
that it was like before so so yes and
anyone who really wants to use a
self-hosted you know like no take a
document editor with with the features I
just explained I can
be a good tester for us but if you need
some other features which we haven't
built so far but I would I would suggest
wait because like we would like to
onward every user so we would like to
prioritize those really think that what
I have just shown is enough for them
Thanks
I had and one more which is how do you
vision sharing any type documents
between users
currently you just need to send a link
that contains the private key and the ID
of the thread and starting from this you
can download Oh other versions of this
page and all the files that include in
quality in this page and also you will
be able to join all the pages that
wasn't caught in this page so it's like
an edit structure you have in white you
need to send one link with encryption
key and then that's you can download Hey
cool well it looks like we are just
about out of time so unless anyone's got
any other pressing announcements thank
you very much
Roman Jonah and Jessica for the
note-taking and we'll see you all next
week